# 3-23-21

Since my last post, I've expanded the rules engine to create a message composer.  This is a step before the action fires, where we use the rules to decide which components of a message should be added to the email template.  The notification system works beautifully.  Based on conditions provided in the payload (for example, whether the employee has benefits or is hourly), parts of the email are shown or hidden.

Some of the code is hardcoded.  As I created the second template, which is in Jinja, I had to refactor some of the code to account for scaling to multiple email templates within the system.  Some parts I don't yet know how to refactor.  This will come with time.  For now, I need to push out the system so it helps HR in time for the new hire season.

I'm a little nervous, but I was asked if I wanted to take ownership of this project.  This is my first project since coming on the Engineering team.  In my previous team, the Research and Analytics team, I only truly owned one project, which was done in collaboration with a team member.  It feels fast, I don't feel completely ready, and I said yes to taking ownership of this project anyway.

My job is pivoting towards software engineering, instead of data engineering.  That means that sometimes I'm going to feel uncomfortable at the pace which projects move, and I can trust when I need to hit the brakes.  Sometimes, feeling uncomfortable is part of the process.  Growth occurs outside of our comfort zone, after all.  It's taken me five years to get here, and I am now a software engineer who actually does engineering almost full-time.  I feel lucky and blessed.